README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Add project management features with GitHub integration
- Implemented project detail page with features and tasks management.
- Added GitHub API integration to fetch commits and issues.
- Created reusable components for displaying features, tasks, and code snippets.
- Introduced modals for creating features, tasks, and tools.
- Enhanced UI with Tailwind CSS for better styling and responsiveness.
- Added custom scrollbar styles for better user experience.
- Implemented debounced fetching for project and task data to optimize performance.
- Added functionality to delete projects, features, and tasks.

README.md, after:

- in project page it have list of features that if i click in feature it will go to feature page that will display Tool that use to develop this feature like library , framework,software etc.. and Task will show what to do in that feature Contribute will show name of contributes in that feature and Bug it will show bug in this feature and Time will show time that spend on That feature(count by date like how many day you spend of that feature)
- in project page will have markdown text editor for other component that i want to include like about this project, how to install etc..
  -it will have percentage display progress of project according to features

- i want to integrate with github
- i want chart or graph component (but still don't know what should i display)

Projects page

- show all project
- can create(when create user have to input: [projectName,deadline,github-repository-url]) and delete

Project page

- display list of all features in current project :✅
- display git commit graph :✅
- display percentage of progress base on finished feature :✅
- can create(when create feature , user have to input: [featureName]) and delete feature
- display list of all task : what task you have to do to finish this feature (you can change status which is "To do, In progress , Done"), Due date

Task page

- tools : and can attach link of document e.g. lucide react, elasticSearch, VM, AntD, sysmon
- codeblock e.g. price := 10 , func main() {fmt.print("Kendrick is Saviour")} DOING // if you want to add note or something use this
- bug : call github issue api only open and close issue
- contribute: who do this feature
